<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
  <title></title>
  <link href="../Styles/Stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" />
  <style type="text/css">

  /*<![CDATA[*/

  p {font-size:.9em}

  h2.sgc-1 {text-align: left;}
  /*]]>*/
  </style>
</head>

<body dir="ltr" xml:lang="en-US" xmlns:xml="http://www.w3.org/XML/1998/namespace">
  <h2 class="sgc-1" id="heading_id_2">Copyright</h2>

  <p><br /></p>

  <p>E-book Edition 1.3, February 2012<br /></p>

  <p>Text ©1985 Buddhist Publication Society<br /></p>

  <p>Cover Image: Ānandajoti Bhikkhu</p>

  <p>From The Dhammapada: The Buddha’s Path of Wisdom, translated from the Pali by Acharya Buddharakkhita, with an Introduction by Bhikkhu Bodhi (Kandy: Buddhist Publication Society, 1985). Transcribed from the print edition in 1996 by a volunteer under the auspices of the DharmaNet Transcription Project, with the kind permission of the BPS.</p>

  <p>Terms of use: You may copy, reformat, reprint, republish, and redistribute this work in any medium whatsoever, provided that: (1) you only make such copies, etc. available free of charge and, in the case of reprinting, only in quantities of no more than 50 copies; (2) you clearly indicate that any derivatives of this work (including translations) are derived from this source document; and (3) you include the full text of this license in any copies or derivatives of this work. Otherwise, all rights reserved. For additional information about this license, see the FAQ on accesstoinsight.org.</p>

  <p>NB: A minor change was made to the preface to reflect the electronic format of the footnotes.</p>

  <p>To report any errors in this electronic version, please send a message through the contact page of www.readingfaithfully.org.</p>

  <p>To download a compact, printable version of just the verses, or the most recent version of this e-book, please visit www.readingfaithfully.org/downloads</p>

  <p>The Buddhist Publication Society(BPS), <a href="http://www.bps.lk/">www.bps.lk</a>, publishes the print version of this translation in a wonderful edition that includes the original Pali of the verses.</p>

  <p>The font in the EPUB edition is Verajja PDA by Bhikkhu Pesala.</p>
</body>
</html>
